<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" >
  <head>
    <link rel="icon" type="image/png" sizes="96x96" href="./images/favicon-96x96.png" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="./css/layout.css" />
    <title>初音ミク</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header>
      <h1>Personal Webpage</h1>
      <h2 alt="Hatsune Miku" ><ruby><rb>初音</rb><rt>はつね</rt></ruby><ruby><rb>ミク</rb><rt>みく</rt></ruby></h2>
    </header>
    <nav>
      <a href="./index.xhtml">Home</a>
      <a href="./miku.xhtml">初音ミク</a>
      <div class="subnav">
        <a href="#who">Hatsune Miku</a>
        <a href="#music">Music</a>
        <a href="#videogames">Videogames</a>
        <a href="#concerts">Concerts</a>
        <a href="#merch">Merch</a>
      </div>
      <a href="./music.xhtml">Music</a>
      <a href="./art.xhtml">Art</a>
      <a href="./links.xhtml">Links</a>
      <a href="./htmltut.xhtml">Tutorial HTML</a>
      <aside></aside>
    </nav>
    <main>
      <section id="who">
        <h2>Who is Hatsune Miku</h2>
        <p>Hatsune Miku (Japanese: <ruby><rb>初音</rb><rt>はつね</rt></ruby><ruby><rb>ミク</rb><rt>みく</rt></ruby>), sometimes referred to as Miku Hatsune, is a humanoid persona voiced by a singing synthesizer application developed by Crypton Future Media. Hatsune Miku is a 16-year-old girl with long, turquoise twintails. She uses Yamaha Corporation's Vocaloid 2, Vocaloid 3 and Vocaloid 4 singing synthesizing technologies. She also uses Crypton Future Media's Piapro Studio, a singing synthesizer VSTi Plugin. She was the second Vocaloid sold using the Vocaloid 2 engine the first being the English Vocaloid Sweet Ann, and the first Japanese Vocaloid to use the Japanese version of the Vocaloid 2 engine. Her voice is modeled from Japanese voice actress Saki Fujita. Hatsune Miku has performed at her concerts onstage as an animated projection hologram.</p>
        <p>The name of the character comes from merging the Japanese words for first (<ruby><rb>初</rb><rt>はつ</rt></ruby> hatsu), sound (<ruby><rb>音</rb><rt>ね</rt></ruby> ne) and future (<ruby><rb>ミク</rb><rt>みく</rt></ruby> miku), thus meaning "the first sound from the future", referring to her position as the first of Crypton's "Character Vocal Series."</p>
        <h3>Cultural Impact</h3>
        <p>Nico Nico Douga, a Japanese website similar to YouTube, played a fundamental role in the recognition and popularity of the software. Soon after Miku's release, Nico Nico Douga users started posting videos of songs created using her sound bank. According to Crypton, a popular video featuring Miku's super-deformed alter ego Hachune Miku singing and dancing to "Ievan Polkka" while spinning a Welsh onion in homage to Loituma Girl's original video (which led to Miku also being commonly associated with spring onions) demonstrated the potential of the software in multimedia content creation. As Miku's recognition and popularity grew, Nico Nico Douga became a place for collaborative content creation. Popular original songs written by a user would inspire illustrations, animations in 2D and 3D, and remixes by other users. Some creators would show their unfinished work and ask for ideas.</p>
      </section>
      <section id="music">
        <h2>Music</h2>
        <p>In August 2010, over 22,000 original songs had been written for Hatsune Miku. Later reports confirmed that she had 100,000 songs in 2011 to her name. Crypton's website promotes Miku's popularity having her voice used in over 100,000 unique songs.</p>
        <p>There exist a wide array of Hatsune Miku music that spans all music genres. People have called it <em>Vocaloid music</em>, because after Hatsune Miku's success other software with different voice sintetizers were released. Vocaloid's popularity increased due to the accessibility of the software, since anyone with the software and basic music knowledge can make a song.</p>
        <object data="https://www.youtube.com/embed/vRpbtf8_7XM"></object>
        <object data="https://www.youtube.com/embed/EKhIt7ZLZao"></object>
        <object data="https://www.youtube.com/embed/jIMbiYIK5IY"></object>
        <object data="https://www.youtube.com/embed/1HOXTbdJdHo"></object>
        <object data="https://www.youtube.com/embed/YYrvwR_x8Bc"></object>
        <object data="https://www.youtube.com/embed/eW7zTvVtmRE"></object>
        <object data="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Vr-AxkCSNtY"></object>
      </section>
      <section id="videogames">
        <h2>Videogames</h2>
        <p>A series of rhythm games starting from Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA were produced by Sega under license using Hatsune Miku and other Crypton Vocaloids, as well as "fan-made" Vocaloids like Akita Neru. Hatsune Miku and Future Stars: Project Mirai was developed for the Nintendo 3DS. Miku's appearance in this game is based on the Nendoroid series of figures. Hatsune Miku is also briefly referenced in the game Recettear, where a young man stargazing sees "The Green-Onion Girl" constellation. Also, in 2013, Saki Fujita voices Fei-Yen HD, a character based on one of Hatsune Miku's modules, in Super Robot Wars UX; this appearance does not use Miku's vocal library.</p>
        <object data="https://www.youtube.com/embed/mKNiLDK-vvE"></object>
      </section>
      <section id="concerts">
        <h2>Concerts</h2>
        <p>As a virtual idol, Hatsune Miku performed her first "live" concert during Animelo Summer Live at the Saitama Super Arena on August 22, 2009. Miku later returned to Animelo Summer Live 2012: Infinity to perform "The World is Mine" and "Tell Your World". Miku also performed her first overseas live concert on November 21, 2009, during Anime Festival Asia (AFA) in Singapore. On March 9, 2010, Miku's first solo live performance titled "Miku no Hi Kanshasai 39's Giving Day" was opened at the Zepp Tokyo in Odaiba, Tokyo. Miku performed in the United States on July 2, 2011 at the Nokia Theater at L.A. Live during the 2011 Anime Expo in Los Angeles. The concert followed the same format as the previous "39's Giving Day" concert. Hatsune Miku performed in Japanese rock festival Summer Sonic 2013 on August 10, 2013. Hatsune Miku teamed up with designer Louis Vuitton and director Toshiki Okada for a Vocaloid opera, titled The End. It featured no human singers and took place at the Theatre du Chatelet Opera House in Paris on November 13 and 15, 2013.</p>
        <p>Hatsune Miku performed in Mexico on June 1 to June 5 2016 as part of the tour <a href="http://mikuexpo.com/na2016/" target="_blank">Hatsune Miku EXPO 2016</a>.</p>
        <object data="https://www.youtube.com/embed/jhl5afLEKdo"></object>
        <object data="https://www.youtube.com/embed/nzwFJcDhmdA"></object>
      </section>
      <section id="merch">
      </section>
    </main>
    <footer>&#169;2017 </footer>
  </body>
</html>
