<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" >
  <head>
    <link rel="icon" type="image/png" sizes="96x96" href="./images/favicon-96x96.png" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="./css/layout.css" />
    <title>Music</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header>
      <h1>Personal Webpage</h1>
      <h2>Music</h2>
    </header>
    <nav>
      <a href="./index.xhtml">Home</a>
      <a href="./miku.xhtml">初音ミク</a>
      <a href="./music.xhtml">Music</a>
      <div class="subnav">
        <a href="#doors">The Doors</a>
        <a href="#queen">Queen</a>
        <a href="#who">The Who</a>
        <a href="#kero">Kero Kero Bonito</a>  
        <a href="#buriguri">The Brilliant Green</a>
        <a href="#jam">Judy &amp; Mary</a>
      </div>
      <a href="./art.xhtml">Art</a>
      <a href="./links.xhtml">Links</a>
      <a href="./htmltut.xhtml">Tutorial HTML</a>
      <aside></aside>
    </nav>
    <main>
      <section id="doors">
        <h3>The Doors</h3>
        <p>The Doors were an American rock band formed in 1965 in Los Angeles, with vocalist Jim Morrison, keyboardist Ray Manzarek, guitarist Robby Krieger, and drummer John Densmore.</p>
        <object data="http://www.youtube.com/embed/mbj1RFaoyLk"></object>
      </section>
      <section id="queen">
        <h3>Queen</h3>
        <p>Queen are a British rock band that formed in London in 1970. Their classic line-up was Freddie Mercury (lead vocals, piano), Brian May (lead guitar, vocals), Roger Taylor (drums, vocals), and John Deacon (bass guitar). Queen's earliest works were influenced by progressive rock, hard rock and heavy metal, but the band gradually ventured into more conventional and radio-friendly works by incorporating further styles, such as arena rock and pop rock, into their music.</p>
        <object data="http://www.youtube.com/embed/fJ9rUzIMcZQ"></object>
      </section>
      <section id="who">
        <h3>The Who</h3>
        <p>The Who are an English rock band that formed in 1964. Their classic line-up consisted of lead singer Roger Daltrey, guitarist and singer Pete Townshend, bass guitarist John Entwistle, and drummer Keith Moon. They are considered one of the most influential rock bands of the 20th century, selling over 100 million records worldwide and holding a reputation for their live shows and studio work.</p>
        <object data="http://www.youtube.com/embed/1-DSDCnXYeU?start=23"></object>
      </section>
      <section id="kero">
        <h3>Kero Kero Bonito</h3>
        <p>Kero Kero Bonito (sometimes shortened to KKB) is a British band from London, England. The band consists of vocalist Sarah Midori Perry, producer Gus Lobban, and producer Jamie Bulled. Their name's meaning is intentionally ambiguous, with one derivation from the Japanese onomatopoeic words for frog croaks and a type of fish. Other meanings include the Brazilian Quero-quero bird, and the Portuguese translation of "I want, I want, Beautiful".</p>
        <p>The band's music is influenced by J-pop, dancehall, and video game music. They write many of their songs using a Casio SA-45 mini-keyboard. Perry raps in both Japanese and English.</p>
        <object data="http://www.youtube.com/embed/4aQBkCrpWOg?start=21"></object>
      </section>
      <section id="buriguri">
        <h3>The Brilliant Green</h3>
        <p>The Brilliant Green (ザ・ブリリアント・グリーン Za Buririanto Gurīn) (stylized as the brilliant green) is a Japanese rock band from Kyoto formed in 1995. They were signed to Sony Music Entertainment Japan. Their major debut single under Sony, "Bye Bye Mr. Mug", was released in 1997. Their contract with Sony ended in 2008, and on December 1, 2009, the band announced that they had signed with Warner Music Group Japan.</p>
        <object data="http://www.youtube.com/embed/AihxhAC4TXo"></object>
      </section>
      <section id="jam">
        <h3>Judy &amp; Mary</h3>
        <p>Judy and Mary (often stylized as JUDY AND MARY) was a Japanese rock band formed in 1991 in Japan by bassist Yoshihito Onda and vocalist Yuki, with drummer Kohta Igarashi and guitarist Taiji Fujimoto completing the lineup in 1992. Guitarist Takuya replaced Taiji the following year. The band is known for their innovative punk, rock, and pop meldings of noisy but melodic music in the 1990s.</p>
        <object data="http://www.youtube.com/embed/lUVRymzPjLY"></object>
      </section>
    </main>
    <footer>&#169;2017 </footer>
  </body>
</html>
